what's going on everybody it's lights
and I just want to give you a quick
update on our defensive ebook also on
our website while I explain everything
I'm opening up a four or madden pack up
yeah all Madame pack bundle whatever I
get my best cards or just in general I'm
going to be giving it to our members on
the website I'm going to make a forum
I'm just gonna randomly draw it out just
kind of just as an appreciation for
waiting for us as you guys may know our
website has been down ever since Monday
night and of course Murphy's Law that's
the day we were supposed to drop the
e-book anything that can go wrong will
go wrong we received an email at a PM on
that Monday pretty much saying that
we're abusing cpu usage on the server
that we were on from our old hosting
company the traffic that we were getting
the server that we were on couldn't
handle it so I guess you could say that
is a good problem because we are getting
bigger as a website but the hosting
company that we were with in my opinion
handled this situation very poorly they
kept suspending our account I'm a couple
times they said our website was good to
go after getting rid of some plugins
after optimizing the website we tried
everything to get this website back up
and running and every time it went back
up they were putting it back down and
they were pretty much threatening us
that we need a very high elite server
and they were trying to take as much
money as possible from us but we wanted
up calling Go Daddy and we have a new
server on the way we just migrated all
the old stuff from our old server to the
new server and everything is just
transferring over now the web site is
still down um I'm hoping it only it's
only going to take a few hours but I'm
just letting you know the situation that
we're in by the way just got that
William Perry 85 probably the best card
so far that I pulled we're going to be
given that away this weekend also for
the members that's that's listening to
this right now watching it instead of
three membership tips for week three
we're going to give six for all this
crap that's going on um I feel like
we owe that to you guys for the site not
being up fully for the last couple days
so you're going to get six membership
tips this week plus the e-book that's
going to come out as soon as a website
drops like i said i hope the website is
back up and running in a few hours once
it fully migrates to the new server
everything's gonna be good to go we're
gonna get things running again we're
gonna put the defensive ebook out I
promise you guys this ebook is fire the
patch did nothing to the blitzes the
Blitz is all still work the issue has
just been actually getting this ebook to
you guys and no we don't have a PDF file
ebook we no longer use our old ebook
software everything is directly on the
website that way it's compatible to max
laptops iPads smartphones that's what
you guys always request it from us ever
since we started madden daily in madden
13 so once the websites up we're going
to drop the e-book then we're going to
drop some gameplays we're going to go
all out we just need this website up and
running it's been a rough couple days
for us I hope you guys bear with us
again premium members from our website
we're going to hook you up this weekend
six membership tips you guys also
getting the e-book fifty percent off
plus whatever cards that I just pulled
in this premium packs or four packs
we're going to be giving away this
weekend we'll make a thread in our
forums and then randomly give it away
whoever wants that William Perry let me
know so God willing the website will be
up soon we're going to drop the
defensive ebook followed by an offensive
ebook shortly after and I just want to
thank you guys again for your patience
until next time later